Refunds, Returns and Subscription Cancellation Policy

You will absolutely love our products and services.

However, You’re fully protected by a 100% money-back return policy.

Here’s how it works..


First 30 days

If you are dissatisfied at any yime during the first 30 days after purchase, simply delete all digital files, including video, audio and text filse you obtained from us, and ask for a full refund. You will get your money back. That’s a firm promise and commitment.

Subscription Cancellations

If you want to cancel a subscription you have with us, please visit MyAccount > Billing and  Clicking on “ Cancel Membership “.
When you cancel a subscription with us, you will continue to receive your subscription benefits until the end of current billing period. You will receive a  refund of any portion of the subscription fees you paid for the current or prior billing periods.

Example 1: Monthly Subscription Cancellation 

If we procecss a monthly subscipton’s cancellation on April 01, you will continue to receive the benefits of subsciption until May 01(30 days) and there will not be a refund of any part of the monthly subsciption fee. You will neither be billed nor receive the benefits of cancelled susciption after your current billing cycle ends.

Example 2: Annual subscribtion cancellation

If we procecss a annual subscription’s cancellation after 30 days of the first day of the  subsciption that begins April 01, you will continue to receive benefits of that subscription May 01 of the next year and there will not be a refund of any part of the annual subsciption fee. You will neither be billed nor receive the benefits of cancelled subscription after your current billing cycle ends.

Do not wait until the end of a billing or subscription period to make asubscription cancellation request because such requests are typically processed within 2 to 3 business days after we revceive them. As it takes longer for us to receive postal mail than electronic mail, we recommend that you email your request. Providing us with your account/subsribtion number (if you have one) can also speed up the process of honoring your request.

We will confirm your subsciption has been cancelled by either email or postal mail.



Contacting Us 

Email your refund or subscription cancellation request to support@gmail.com. Please include the words “Refund Request “ or “subsciption Cancellation Request ” in the subject line of your email.

To serve you and others better in the future, we request (but do not require) that you tell us why you want a refund or cancelled your subscription. We want satisfied customers.

Please remember that asking for a refund but continuing to use products purchased from us is the same thing as stealing and may also violate applicable intellectual property rights law.

This refund policy was last updated on April 01, 2022.
